# Week 21 Meeting Minutes - 10/3/2023
* Going over my dissertation plan and giving feedback 
* Use phrasing "designing with disabled people"
* As the language I've used in my project is very similar to the language used for a dissertation, I need to make it very clear what I'm referring to (i.e. projects on my website etc). Supervisor said not to be worried about using longer titles for these as headers/subsections. 
* Fill out the requirements elicitation with further subheadings: methodology, stakeholders etc
* In conclusion, have a section on guidance for similar work i.e. what are the transferable things I've learnt 
* No need to split up making/makerspaces into 2 sections
* Add more to designing for disabled people list

### Evaluation
* Adjust order of questions based on who I'm talking to: do what they're more comfortable with first 
* Adjust language depending on person 
* Look at site + tour (potentially a video tour) then a list of tasks
* With pre-questions, for getting gut reaction/first impression and can explain this to them, as well as wanting good and bad
* Think about "actioning" their responses i.e. considering the impact of their responses on my tool
* This means I have to make the questions specific enough 
* "Which parts are the most useful + would lower barriers"
* "Can you identify accessibility issues with how these projects are presented"
* Get specifics, want people to point to things
* Aim for 3-4 people


For next week: write out evaluation, get site ready for evaluation, send out emails asking to meet, expand each section of dissertation more. 
### Next meeting: Friday 17th Mar, 12:00 in-person. May need to change to Thursday